A wealthy man is not automatically a
provider man. Everyone is talking about
how you should date a rich man. You
should date someone who has money. Duh.
Yes, you should. But a rich wealthy man
is not automatically a provider. And
actually rich wealthy men, they know how
to play the game even smarter than broke
men know. They know exactly what they
need to do and say to make you devalue
yourself and fall for a man that
ultimately can never truly make you
happy. Hi guys and welcome back to my
channel. My name is Michaela and in
today's video I want to talk about signs
that a man will never ever provide for
you and also some harsh truths about men
so you can understand them better. Let's
get into this. First of all, I want you
to understand that there is a massive
difference between a rich man, a wealthy
man and a provider man. A man can be
rich and a provider. He can be wealthy
and a provider, but he can also be a
provider and broke. I don't want to get
much into why a man should be rich. I
think it's very obvious. And as I
explain in my other videos, you should
never go for a broke man for various
reasons, not only for the money. Apart
from that, do not forget being with a
rich man does not mean that you should
be broke. Always have your own money
going on. You do not want to be fully
depending on any man. Another thing I
want to talk about is ethnicity or where
a man is from. Women all over the world
are saying that in their country are no
real nice provider men and they are
looking for those men in other
countries. They have some fantasy of
being in Paris or being in Italy or
being in any other country where they
will meet their dream men because that's
how it's being portrayed to us in movies
and advertisements.
But that's not the case. And that's
simply making it more difficult for you
to actually see the good men around you.
Good men are everywhere and bad men are
everywhere. Provider men are everywhere
[snorts] and non-provider men are
everywhere. You just need to spot them.
You just need to know what the signs
are. I have been living in Austria. I
have been living in Spain. And now I'm
living in the Middle East. And in all of
these countries, you can find the same
type of men. In all of these countries,
you can find someone that is
narcissistic and abusing you. You can
also find someone that is a real
provider man and is taking good care of
you. And while I do agree that some men
in specific cultures from specific
backgrounds have a bigger tendency to be
a provider, to have that provider
mindset, but ultimately that doesn't
mean that you need to move to another
country to meet this type of men. Don't
make it super difficult for yourself.
And always keep in mind, as long as you
keep entertaining the thought that there
are no good men in your city or in your
country, you will be manifesting that
same situation over and over again. So,
you simply won't find a provider man
ever if that's what you believe. The
next point I want to get into is rich
man versus poor man. A rich man is
actually nothing else than a poor man
with a different mindset. If he has a
different mindset or a different family
background, he automatically has more
money, right? It's all about his mindset
and his programming. The problem with
the poor provider men, they want to take
care of you. They have the right
mindset, but they simply can't because
they have a luck mindset in their life
in general. They are not able to
actually make money for themselves. So
they won't be ever in a position to make
money for you. As much as he will want
it, the chances are very very low.
Versus a rich man, he can be spending
all the money on you. He can be inviting
you to the nicest best restaurants, go
to eat cavier with you, drinking the don
perion, and spending the case on your
first date. But it's still possible he
is not the provider man. He simply knows
how to play the game better. While a
poor man is trying to win you over with
his words, with his sweet actions, with
his sweetness, with trying to make you
laugh, a rich man is doing the exact
same thing, but with money. That's why I
never want you to actually fall for men
who spend a lot of money, especially on
your first date, especially in the
beginning of your relationship. It's
usually love bombing. And in particular,
when they have money, they just spend it
on you to get what they want. They will
do everything possible. So you will
believe he is a provider man. So you
will believe he is that perfect guy. And
nothing easier when a man actually has
the money, has the resources to do that.
That's why so many women nowadays are
falling for rich men and then they end
up in a narcissistic abusive
relationship with an abusive partner.
They end up in relationships they cannot
leave so easily because these men are
not real provider men. They simply want
to keep you trapped. They are insecure.
They want to hide their insecurities or
their own luck of their character of
their personality with money. And many
women are falling for it because nobody
nowadays wants to go for the broke man
anymore. Everyone knows the broke man
has the broke mindset. And we all know
why we don't want to go for a broke man,
right? But please be aware of the rich
man, okay? The rich man, they can even
be worse. A rich man is not
automatically a provider man. A rich man
only has more resources to keep you
trapped. A rich man has more money to
make you believe he's a provider man and
to make you do things you wouldn't do so
you will stay with him. And that brings
me to the first sign, which is that he
is making you devalue yourself. How is a
man doing that? They are very smart.
They know how to play the game. A man is
making you to devalue yourself with
saying things like, "I like women who
are adventurous. I like women who are
easygoing. I like women who are X, Y,
and Z." They say that because they want
you to inconvenience yourself. They want
you to devalue yourself. Let's say
you're not such an adventurous woman.
You are not so easygoing. You actually
have your standards and your boundaries
and you're trying to enforce them. But
as soon as he says that he would like to
be with a woman that is more easygoing
and is not that strict and is more fun
and outgoing, you are trying everything
possible to please him. You are trying
to be more adventurous. you are trying
to be the woman that he wants to have
next to him. Don't get it twisted. Men
do not like that. Even though men say
they want a specific type of woman, they
say that for their current and shortterm
joy, they might have some fun with you
being super adventurous and being a bit,
you know, easygoing and maybe giving
things that you wouldn't give, doing
things you wouldn't usually do. They
like that in that moment, but after a
while, they get bored. They do not want
it easy. A man just says he wants it
easy, but he doesn't want it. Men are
hunters and they will always stay
hunters. Ultimately, we don't want to
stay in our comfort zone. Okay, in the
comfort zone, it gets pretty boring
pretty quickly. Imagine you have nothing
to do, nothing to do all your life. You
have a certain amount of income steadily
every week, every month, but you have
nothing to do. You have literally no
resistance at all. You will get bored
really quickly and really unhappy. The
same is with men. They want the
struggle. They want this uneasy feeling.
They want to be on their tippy toes.
They want to feel like they have to work
to earn something they truly want. If
they do not have to earn it, it gets
boring. Now, another sign a man is
showing you that he is not naturally a
provider is through saying things like,
"I like women who are genuine. I just
need to know if you're truly genuine."
You know, I have been used before. Every
woman is with me just for the money. I
don't want to be with a gold digger. A
masculine provider man that wants to
spend the rest of his life with you
wouldn't be scared of you using him
because he knows that it's in his hand
if you're staying with him or not. If he
is treating you well, if he is giving
you everything, if he is being nice to
you emotionally available when every man
deep down knows how to keep a woman and
how to make them run away. How can man
be asking a woman, "Do you really love
me for me or for my money?" If a man is
asking you if you truly love him for who
he is or just for his money, it's almost
like a setup. Which man does not like to
be loved for being a man who made money,
who has power, who has status, who has
achieved a lot, that's him, right? So if
a man is saying I want to be loved for
who I am not for my money, money is his
achievement. He literally is exposing
his own insecurities and he's telling
you listen I do not have achieved a lot
and the things I have achieved I'm
living in a luck mindset. I do not think
that I can achieve more. I do not want
you to take that little thing I have
achieved for myself away from me. This
is not the provider mindset. A man with
a true provider mindset, again, he's not
afraid of you taking something away from
him because he knows that a woman in his
life will multiply everything he has,
will multiply his energy, multiply his
income, multiply his empire, his
business, whatever. A woman is a
multiplier and he understands the more
he takes care of his woman, the more
happy she is, the more fruits he is
earning. These type of men are simply
trying to test you to see if you would
give away your standards, your
femininity, and trade it for his
approval. He wants you to think like,
"Oh, maybe I'm asking for too much.
Maybe I should be nicer to him. Maybe I
have to prove my intentions by asking
for less, splitting bills, inviting him
to a dinner one day, showing and proving
him that I'm not after money, that money
is not important to me. Don't do that.
Okay? Never do that. Unless you're not
that interested in him, don't do it. Men
always say things they want, which they
ultimately do not want. They want to
feel comfortable right now, but they do
not want to feel comfortable long term.
They do not want to be with a woman who
makes them feel comfortable. They want
to be with a woman who is interested in
them, but she won't lower her standards
and her needs and her desires for him.
Another sign that he is not a provider
man is when he's asking you how much
money you make, how much money you made
this month, how you are scaling your
business, and so on. A provider man is
not interested in what and how much you
make because he knows your money is none
of his business. His investment in you
and his provision does not depend on how
much you make. He has zero interest in
knowing that. And if he's asking you
that, he's pretty much
checking how far he can go, what he can
get, and how he can later on twist the
stories later on when you're emotionally
hooked give you less because you are
self-sufficient, right? You can do it by
yourself. I know you make enough money.
You're strong. You don't need anyone.
You've got your own thing going on. He's
either comfortable taking from you or
he's simply comfortable doing nothing.
And you should never ever be with a man
who is not seeing his purpose in
provision, in taking care of others, and
in making you feel safe and secure
around him. A true provider man respects
that you are independent, that you have
your own money, but he would never ask
about it and he wouldn't even touch it.
He simply does not care about your
income. All a true provider man cares
about is how he can make more money to
fulfill your desires, to fulfill your
needs, and to make you happy. Every man
ultimately knows that a happy woman next
to him is like a trophy. A woman that is
smiling, that is happy, that looks well
taken care of, it's ultimately for other
men. So other men think, "Wow, he must
be achieving so much. He must be such a
great businessman if he can have such a
beautiful and happy wife." Every man
knows that. But only the true provider
men know that they have influence in it.
Know that they need to provide to get
this. They know that they are the root
for the woman to show up as her best
self. If a woman does not have to work,
but she can work. If a woman has all the
resources possible, does not have all
the worries, she doesn't have to care
about basic needs, financial needs, she
doesn't have to care about anything that
is life supporting. That's a woman who
truly can relax and take care of herself
and invest time and energy in herself
that again ultimately is for his
benefit. He reaps the benefit just as
much as the woman herself. Another sign
that he's not the true provider man is
when he says things like, "You don't
need to study. You don't need to work in
the bar. I don't want you to work.
You're more worth than working there.
You don't need to do that. I will take
care of you. Just be a stay-at-home
wife. I will take care of everything. Be
my princess. Be my queen without even
having the ring." This is a drop. Okay?
You have to be very aware of these words
because it can sound so sweet and so
relieving. Especially as a woman that is
hardworking, fending for herself all her
life, is taking care of herself, paying
her own bills, always on the go, always
working, and then there is coming Prince
Charming taking off all the weight of
her life, of her hardship, of her
finances. Yes, it sounds great, but it's
a trap. It's a very dangerous trap. Once
you give in and once you say yes, I
would love that. I will stay at home.
You will first lose your job slowly. You
will lose your friends. You will lose
contact to your family. You will stay
more isolated. You just want to show up
for your man so he can give you more. So
he can take care of you more. And once
you are that hooked and once you're in
that trap, you have nowhere to really
go. You have nothing in your own life to
do. And he knows that he unknowingly or
knowingly is using it for his own
benefit. Now suddenly he might is coming
with the idea of polygamy. He's coming
with the idea of living separate. He's
coming with the idea of breaking up with
you. and you can do literally nothing.
That's when women start to beg the man
to stay. That's when women start to cry,
overgive, change, and do everything
possible above and beyond just to make
him stay. They cross their own
boundaries. They cross their own
standards. They lay their bar so low
that they trip over it. That's the trap.
And it still doesn't make him stay. He
literally doesn't owe you anything. No
man owes you anything at the end of the
day. Even if he's your husband, he
doesn't really owe you anything. But
minimum, you have some little bit of
security. But if he's just your
boyfriend and you are agreeing to be a
stayathome wife without being a wife,
you are trapped. And if you're already
in there, please girl, find some ways to
make your own money. I'm not saying that
every man is bad. I'm not saying that
there are no good outcomes, but in more
cases than I wish would be. It always
ends up bad. The man gets bored from you
being over available, overgiving, and
over nice. And you think you can only do
more to make him be interested again.
Even provider men are not perfect, and
they can get bored from you if you're
being too nice. But the difference is a
real provider man, a healthy masculine
provider man that also has enough money,
he wants to make sure that you feel safe
even if things wouldn't work out. He
wants you to feel like even if one day
you two decide to part ways, you have
your own stability. That's why they come
up with allowances. Not because the
woman is depending on him, but because
the man wants her to feel safe and
knowing that even after that, even if
things should go wrong, she is fine. She
doesn't have to worry and work on the
streets like a man. She is fine for a
while and she can fend for herself and
figure her own life out. That's what the
true provider man wants. He wants you to
feel safe. And I'm following some woman
on Instagram and she was explaining how
her boyfriend before they even married
made sure that she feels safe. She got a
monthly allowance of €20,000. I'm not
saying it needs to be that much, okay?
She got from her boyfriend a monthly
allowance of a specific amount. She got
also his credit card on Uber for her to
use the Uber whenever she needs. while
they were just boyfriend and girlfriend.
He was covering the rent of her own
apartment, while they were already
living together. So, she has her own
safe place where she can retreat, where
she can go to when she needed space. It
creates such a big safety for you as a
woman to know there is always still your
home. And another thing, why would you
ever live with someone that you're not
married with? Honestly, I did that in my
past and I would never do it again
because
why? Why would you do that? Especially
if you let a man come into your home. Do
you really think he's respecting that
home? Men are not woman. Okay, you need
to understand that a man that moves into
your house, he will ruin your house
because he has no respect for it. Trust
me, never ever let your boyfriend move
in with you. Another and the last sign I
want to talk about for today is
intensity and sustainability. Men who
are not true providers, they always
create intense connections. A healthy
masculine provider man is not going for
intensity. He wants to create
sustainability in your connection in
your relationship. He's not just going
with the flow. He knows what he wants
and he is treating it as such. If a man
is treating you with pressure, is trying
to get you as quickly as possible to
roll in bed with him, aka pressuring
intimacy. He is not a real provider man.
And if it turns out that he is, at this
point in his life, he's not looking for
something real. He's not looking for
something long-term. And if you are
looking for something long-term, if
you're looking for a serious long-term
relationship, partner marriage, don't go
for this type of men. Do not go for
someone that looks for intensity. He
will want to see you every day. A date,
another date, another date, another
date, every single day, which seems so
exciting in the beginning. I know,
especially if you like a man, you want
to see him, right? You want to see him
more, you want to spend more time with
him. But ultimately it will fade. You
will give in and then he will disappear.
You want to go for someone who is going
the slow pace. He's taking his time. And
even if you meet someone who is trying
to pressure you in the beginning, but
then you set the pace, you slow it down
and he's respecting that. That's a good
sign. And the reason behind that is
because intensity
will only make you happy right now.
Sustainability will make your future you
happy. If you're thinking about things
that you want right now, let's say you
want chocolate so badly, you want to eat
something sweet, you can eat it right
now and it will make you happy right
now. But if you are on the path to lose
weight, you will feel terrible in the
future. You will feel terrible about
making that decision. And it's the same
with men. If you're going with someone
with intensity, it's not sustainable and
you will regret the decisions you take
later. And the same do men. Men who take
decisions in intensity or because of
intensity, they want to be happy right
now. And they are not really thinking
about what's sustainable and what will
make them happy in their future. So they
will keep making decisions based on what
they want right now, not what their
future wants. And when the future
arrives, he will say, "Oh, actually, I
don't like you that much. I do not want
you that much because I already got
everything I wanted from you." And
again, no provider man would do that. A
provider is thinking about
sustainability in relationships. He's
thinking about the marriage, the
relationship in the future. What he
wants. He has a goal. And this goal is
or should be to marry you, to be in a
serious relationship with you. And he
knows if he wants that, he needs to
invest. He needs to give. He needs to
provide as much as possible. He needs to
prove that he is worthy of your
attention. He is worthy of you. that you
consider him to be with you and not the
other way around. He wants you. Okay?
Yes. If he is interacting with you,
inviting you for a date, if he is
already in a relationship with you, he
wants you. Okay? He wants to invest. He
wants to provide. So, he will get you.
If you think about thousands and
thousands of years ago, what was the
value of a man to protect and provide
for a woman? He comes into a woman's
life to make her feel safe, taken care
of, that she has something to eat, that
she has a roof on top of her head, that
she can create a family with him. The
woman needed to decide if he is worthy
of her. The woman had the options. The
woman always had to evaluate, is this
man able to provide me what I need in my
life? Is this man able to provide food
for the five kids that I want in my
life? For the family that I want in my
life? Is this man capable to do X Y and
Z to be in my life to fulfill my
happiness to fulfill my desires and
needs? And only then when she was happy,
when she was safe, when she was in a
good place, she could also give birth.
She could be and create that home and
family for the man because he created
that safety. Ladies, it's actually very
very simple and it's impossible to unsee
it once you know it. Real provider men,
they want to make you feel safe. If a
man is not doing everything above and
beyond to make you feel safe and is
trying to twist the stories, trying to
twist anything and everything and giving
you the feeling that you have to prove
yourself to him, that you have to lower
your standards for him, that you are
asking for too much, that you are being
too much, that you're being too
sensitive. He simply is not the true
provider man, and he most likely will
never be. Don't forget that provision is
not only about money. A man is here to
provide for you and protect you on an
emotional level, physical level,
financial level, and mental level. He is
here to give you that shield that you
can lean into, that you can fall into,
and that you can stay safe and soft in.
And whatever you require to feel safe,
that's what you require. And there will
be a man out there who is willing,
happily, willing, and wanting to give
you all of that. You need daily
check-ins. You need support to go to
therapy. You need support to
create your business. You want to keep
your job. You want to keep your
independence. He's taking care of the
bills and sending you the monthly
deposits and taking care of your
apartment. and and and if that's what
you need to feel safe, look for a man
who is willing and wanting to give you
all of that. Not because you can't have
it or you don't have it yourself, but
because you want to feel safe with a man
and it's his duty to make you feel safe
with whatever you need. If he can't make
you feel safe, go for another man and
let him look for another woman. Just a
little reminder to download my ebook,
The Queen Treatment. link is in my bio
where I'm giving you more signs and
tricks and tips how to spot a real
provider man and how to become the woman
that he naturally wants to invest in.
Anyways ladies, I hope this could help.
I hope you have some clarity what are
the signs how you can spot the real
provider man and how you can spot
someone who will never ever provide for
you and also how you can understand men.
Thank you so so much for watching. I
love you so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.